Fixed #35627 -- Raised a LookupError rather than an unhandled ValueError in get_supported_language_variant(). (#18403)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.8.txt

* Fixed a regression in Django 5.0 where ``ModelAdmin.action_checkbox`` could
  break the admin changelist HTML page when rendering a model instance with a
  ``__html__`` method (:ticket:`35606`).

> * Fixed a regression in Django 5.0.7 where a long initial path fragment in the
>   URL would raise ``ValueError`` from the ``LocaleMiddleware``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.0.7 that caused a crash in
  ``LocaleMiddleware`` when processing a language code over 500 characters
  (:ticket:`35627`).
```
We need a ticket link (similar comment for 4.2.15)
